
gin/Registration Screen
Login Screen, you just enter your info and click either Sign In or
Register. No need to have to pop a new screen in to register, this is
pretty much all the information we need from them.

2. Create event screen (in the case you already made one, it just lists
them)
This is the screen you see as a first time user to prompt creating a
wedding event. In the case you have already made an event(s) then you
see the events listed there.

3. Event home screen
This is the home screen to an event. You can click on the details button
to go and edit more of the details of the event. This screen introduces
something we haven't talked about, which is the concept of messages.
There are three types of messages: Invitation, Message, & "System
Message" (we make a request for information). Each message/invitation
you create is also stored (incase you want to save some to send later &
to show you a history of your communications).

4. Create guestlist screen
Now you clicked the create guestlist button, it will prompt you to
access your contacts. Pretty much we want to make it as easy as possible
for the user to make progress in the app so we immediately try to get
them to use the method that allows for the quickest adding and most
people. You can choose to save it, or save and continue (go to the next
step, writing the invite).

5. Create invitation
If you click on the save and continue button (we can probably word this
better), you go to the page to send a message. You may be thinking why
we're jumping to this screen when its fairly certain they don't have
everyone's contact information. The whole idea, going back to what I
said before, was that we want to let the user feel they are making as
much progress as possible. The app will knows it doesn't have everyone's
information so you will be prompted to type a message to request for
information. They won't be able to send a "invite". When the guest fills
out the information, the app will populate it automatically. The user
will be led to the Message center screen #6 sending or simply saving a
message. There will be indicators to show if a message has been sent or
not.

Someone who has used this app before, would most likely have clicked
"save" on screen #4 and not go to this screen. Instead clicking "save"
would jump them to screen 7, but for a first time user, you sort of
guide them through the flow which is why we have the save and
continue/invite button too.

6. Message
This is the message center screen. You can also access here from the
home screen and view messages you have sent / not sent or coming from
sending/saving a message.

7. Guest list
This is the screen you can get to from #4 and then clicking save, or
navigating back from the home screen and clicking on the guestlist
button. You will be able to remove people by swiping. You can assign
different labels/colors to people to signify a cohort (e.g. family,
friends from high school...). We also need to think about some
indication of having all the neccessary contact information. This is
going on the idea that a paper invite is the preferred way of sending an
invite.

8. RSVP status
Now imagine that you have finally sent the invite. We want to enforce
that you send the invite only when all the contact information is
completely filled in. We don't want a situation where you are are
sending invites at different times. This guestlist here is locked in
terms of being unable to remove people. You can still add people in the
case of some last minute addition. Thinking about it as I'm typing now,
we may need to allow for some removable from this list at some point in
the future. We didn't really talk about that, so for now lets just
assume you can't remove people. The checkmark, X, and clock icon allow
you to toggle between filters. You can check multiple icons to have
multiple categories show. This allows you to filter and see for example
all the people who have not responded or are not going.

9. Event homescreen again
This just shows how the buttons change when you've made progress. We'll
have the text on the buttons and opacity as indicators of progress.
